version 2.3.2-exp.5 working template-based layout and showing class enrolments
	added prepareSessionData() to prepare data for the template to display
	added a bunch of functions to handle class operations..
	and threatened to write a SessionsClass class but it's too
	bit a change to commit to at this point, thought it would
	certainly help simplify many of the sessions operations!.

2.3.2-exp.4 mid-dev version. old-style works. template-style not complete
	reworked many things! including...
	- put all the start crud into a global.inc
	- eliminate globals by using a config class (though at times the
	  config itself is accessed as a global - unless until I finish
	  my proper ConfigurationManager
	  (except for "admin_mode" which is still in the process of being
	  replaced by calls to SessionMgr class)
	- created SessionMgr to track user login, session and cookie info
	  and encapsulate it. Must now come here to check username of logged
	  in user, etc.
	- since SessionMgr is now tracking the user, removed obsolete
	  hidden Name field from all the forms
	- eliminated redundant (and confusing) session->whenstr. All times a session date 
	  needs to be presented, it is cast at the time.
	- yes, I did change the base indent-level of much of the code in enrol.php.
	  Sorry about that.
	- eliminated silly "save changes" return parameter when LOADING session file

2.3.2-exp.3 (version not updated as only new templates have changed)
	basically a nice checkpoint in the template design.
	Looks quite good. Template responds to values such as $loggedIn
	and $admin (probably should be called $isLoggedIn and $isAdmin)

2.3.2-exp.3
	removed style.css
	added bootstrap styling links
	starting building template

2.3.2-exp.2
	begin bootstrap styling
	reduce table chome. more compact date display. etc.

2.3.2-exp.1
	uses SESSION rather than cookie (uses cookie if "remember me" clicked)
	uses top-bar for user login (no password required)
	top-bar shows bread-crumb of current action
	hides other admin buttons and functions when editing
	edit Notices now shows rendered version above edit box
	javascript code for show/hide Admin Functions
	javascript code for show/hide Closed Sessions
	show/hide functions are currently available via an "Admin Toolbox"
	however the javascript state is not yet retained - want to put this
	state information into the SESSION to do that.

2.3.2-exp
	uses array of nominated admins, rather than special admin user
	remove button changed to "remove me" to match "add me" button
	added AdminRemove function
	cleared out unused config vars
	cleared out old table layout code
	made colours more basic (eg. bg now white)

2.3.2
	fix reference/access to REMOTE_ADDR

2.3.1
	bugfix: fix logged errors when $status was empty

2.3 Bugfixes plus some file/dir layout improvements
	Bugfix: fixed KNOWN ISSUE where admin functions didn't work in Firefox
	minor reworking of files/directories for better layout and security
	- eg. config.inc now called config.inc.php
	(was due to firefox changing the wasy POST values were submitted for images)
	Now uses popup alert if class becomes full between loading and enroling
	New config item allows conditionals based on PROD or TEST etc.
	- eg. now shows Reload button (for easier testing) but only if not in Production mode

2.2.2
	fix: set default timezone to avoid warnings/errors on newer versions of php

2.2.1
	change minutes interval from 10 to 15 (eg. shows 0,15,30,45)
	fixed: 12:xxPM was reverting to 12:xxAM on edit/load
2.2
	sessions display in multiple rows (configurable number per row)
	after actions performed, now will jump back to the same location on the page
	option (default: hide) to hide Session ID (only relevent when in admin mode)
	migrate more settings into css
	print new header with each week: "Sessions for week beginning Monday xx of xx"
	use smaller fonts (can set in style.css)
	some minor tweaks

	KNOWN ISSUES: Admin functions dont seem to work in IE8. Don't know why not.

2.1.1	fixed: "Set" and "Clear" are logging as "unknown actions"
	fixed: tooltips on admin icons now work
	hide Reload button

2.1	added ability to reset SessionID if total session count is zero.
	slight tweaks to formatting to aid compatibility with IE8
	add credits to footer (including credits for icons)
	some minor tweaks
